# Contribute

This site is **open source** and contributions are extremely welcome. 

In particular, we are looking for help with:

## 1. Site design and layout

We have a number of open issues for the site

## 2. Content

This could be reading new prompt engineering papers and writing pages about them,
or writing articles on more anecdotal topics. M

### Prompt Engineering Techniques

We write articles on PE techniques, not entire papers. This means that multiple techniques used in a paper could be spread across multiple articles. The reasoning for this is, in part, that papers often reuse techniques, and we want to avoid repeating ourselves. Additionally, articles on bite sized, single techniques are easier to read and understand. 

When taking content from a paper, article, or even tweet, make sure to update the bibliography files `bibliography.bib` and `docs/bibliography.md`. Most papers have autogenerated BibTex citations that you can find online (e.g. on arxiv). You can then use the citation in a md files by typing `(@citation_name)`.


#### Adding Papers

When considering a paper, make sure it uses PE. Some papers in open issues would not 
make for good articles, but are good to link to as additional resources. If you have
found a good paper, synthesize it's different techniques into short articles, and put them in the appropriate sections.

### Anecdotal and Other Content (e.g. Applied, Products, More)

We are always looking for more content. If you have a story to tell, or a product to recommend. We are also looking for more content on the applied side of prompt engineering, such as how to use prompts in your own research.

## 3. Translation

We are looking for help translating the site into other languages. If you are interested, please join the Discord (soon) and mention you are interested in the respective language channel. If the channel does not exist, please email chris@chriscelaya.xyz

## 4. Misc.

Everything from fixing typos to recommendations for the site (suggest papers, 
layout changes, tell us what you want to learn about, etc.)

We need help maintaining the list of prompt engineering tools and products that use prompting.
